6185384
Wireless Network System with Autonomous Antenna Actuator Control for Disaster Information
In Japan, there have been a number of serious natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunami, as represented by the East Japan Great Earthquake in 2011. When a large scale disaster occurs, information and communication technology (ICT) performs important rule to save the human life from the disaster and to reduce disaster victims. Particularly in mountainous areas, the residents are completely isolated from other areas due to the disconnection and distraction of telecommunication means. In the stricken area, inter-vehicle communication technology is much more suitable from the points of mobility and electric power supply for telecommunication equipments because communication network can be quickly reconfigured and the network topology can be easily and quickly developed. However, since in mountain area, the place where a vehicles node is arranged is limited, it is necessary to expand the communication distance between the vehicle nodes as much as possible. In this paper, in order to establish the long distance communication in wireless network environment, a dynamic antenna direction control method is introduced to maximize the throughput or minimize the packet loss rate and round trip time between the target vehicle nodes by automatically controlling the antenna direction. The prototype system is constructed and its performance analysis were carried out and verify our suggested system.
1185384
A novel technique for optimising the harmonics and reactive power under nonsinusoidal voltage conditions
The conventional power factor correction techniques assume the voltage source to be purely sinusoidal. But this is rarely true because the nonsinusoidal currents drawn by nonlinear loads incur nonsinusoidal voltage drops across source impedance and transmission line impedance. The result is a nonsinusoidal voltage supply applied to the load. Under such conditions, any attempt to make the power factor unity by usual methods will result in a nonsinusoidal current, which increases total harmonic distortion (THD). On the other hand attempt for harmonic free current may not result in unity power factor because of harmonics present in the voltage. Thus, there is a trade off between improvement in power factor and reduction of THD. With the law enforcing agencies getting more vigilant about power quality, it has become unavoidable to optimise power factor while satisfying harmonics limits. In this paper, a novel technique for optimisation of harmonics and power factor subject to power quality constraints is presented for nonsinusoidal voltage conditions. The technique is based on Lagrange multiplier method and calculates the concerned control coefficients by Newton Raphson method. This is used to compute the desired source current for optimum power factor satisfying the power demand of the load while meeting the THD limits. Knowing the load current, the compensating current that must be supplied by the active filter to the power system can be calculated. The proposed scheme does not use the widely used p-q theory and is applicable for both the single-phase and three-phase systems. Analysis using MATLAB has shown encouraging results. The scheme is being implemented in hardware using DSP.
6325384
Picosecond laser machining in the bulk of transparent dielectrics: Critical comparison with fs-laser direct writing
Picosecond lasers for bulk machining of transparent dielectrics are assessed as an alternative to fs-lasers. Nanogratings and micro-channels by selective etching are demonstrated. Scattering and inhomogeneous etching are challenges yet to be solved.
6315384
Verification of automotive control applications using S-TaLiRo
S-TALIRO is a software toolbox that performs stochastic search for system trajectories that falsify realtime temporal logic specifications. S-TaLiRo is founded on the notion of robustness of temporal logic specifications. In this paper, we present a dynamic programming algorithm for computing the robustness of temporal logic specifications with respect to system trajectories. We also demonstrate that typical automotive functional requirements can be captured and falsified using temporal logics and S-TALIRO.
6315383
A high gain observer for enclosed mass estimation in a spark ignited engine
A high gain non linear observer is implemented to estimate the enclosed mass in the combustion chamber of a spark ignited engine. The observer uses the cylinder pressure measurement during the compression and combustion strokes to estimate the enclosed mass. An engine model is proposed and used as a virtual engine to build the observer. The model is validated by comparison with real measurements, obtained from experimental tests. The results of the observer are compared with the virtual engine model.
5718383
A Software Size Estimation Method Based on Improved FPA
Software size estimation is the key of entire software program project, and the accurate estimation immediately affect the success of project. An improved function point analysis (FPA) method was proposed for analyzing the software size. The method combined the advantage of the fuzzy rules and back propagation (BP) network. Firstly, fuzzy inference system based on the complexity weight matrix of function component was established. Then the adjusted complexity weight were used for modifying the software function point. The adjusted data as samples were transferred to BP network. By the advantage of BP network function approaching, the relationship between software components and software size was establish. Finally, BP network was used for estimating software size. The experiment results show that the method could eliminate discontinuity among the different complexity grades, and could make the best of history data, which enhances the accuracy of function point estimation.
5718384
Classification of Software Defect Detected by Black-Box Testing: An Empirical Study
Software defects which are detected by black box testing (called black-box defect) are very large due to the wide use of black-box testing, but we could not find a defect classification which is specifically applicable to them in existing defect classifications. In this paper, we present a new defect classification scheme named ODC-BD (Orthogonal Defect Classification for Black-box Defect), and we list the detailed values of every attribute in ODC-BD, especially the 300 detailed black-box defect type. We aim to help black-box defect analyzers and black-box testers improve their analysis and testing efficiency. The classification study is based on 1860 black-box defects collected from 39 industry projects and 2 open source projects. Furthermore, two empirical studies are included to validate the use of our ODC-BD. The results show that our ODC-BD can improve the efficiency of black-box testing and black-box defect analysis.